[docs] Clarify what the name of @mui/material is (#30866)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/material-ui-is-now-mui.md

- Material-UI: the organization is now called [**MUI**](https://github.com/mui-org/).
- Material-UI: the set of foundational MIT React components is now called [**MUI Core**](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui).

> - Material-UI: the name of the Material Design components **doesn't change**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Material UI: the Material Design components developed by MUI. Also, we ditched the hyphen!
```
